the main idea was the obvious american home like pilot red sun

a second idea is a metal place

good news is, it can still be a joke game

a dimly metal place of support and wander

who wanders there? where is it? somewhere else. in another time. it is, therefore,
it must be.

one. its an alien ship voyaging through space. not very interesting.

two. it's a base on a moon of mars. you are a prospector there. it is forlorn.
hasbullah is your bud. you have to bring rocks and minerals to him.

three. the metal place is a sewer, on a dystopian earth. there are shafts
of sunlight, and places of moss and trash. narrow(?).

four. you are in a small american house. hasbullah wants rent. then,
as you leave your place, hasbullah appears to have taken over the outside world.
lots of funny potential, but a modern setting may be unteresting to model.

five. it is a trash blade runner alike. the problem is lots of trash
games are kind of garbage cowboy, like borderlands and most indie games nowadays.

six. none of that trash theme. you are in communist japan. but then half-life.
it is mixed up with dystopian elements. <--

six sounds nice. tokyo during communist japan in near future. hasbullah would
be an element. he could be your way out, instead of alexa. the setting needs
nigh explaining, just basic graphics would do. what's going on? you're in tokyo.

you're on the run from the socialist graphing scheme, which is flagging people
based on random inputs. you get a notification on your phone that you are it.

you are in a crack down. you escape just before socialist goons arrive and
make your way through an urban maze. you end up at a backstreets. there is a 
grocier, and small electronics stores and pharmacist. you will sometimes see
strange dystopian tech from the authorities.

this would be way cooler than another trash western. like i said i feel like
the majority of indie games are trash westerns in some regard. not everything
should always be shit. i think i can combine the urban chaos of tokyo and the
dystopia of half-life somehow. there could be a resonance cascade. i would try
to make inobvious references to gman and the combine, while keeping it indie
and original.

the main plot could be simple. you live in a small, messy place. it looks like
a hackers haven actually. you have servers, cameras and monitors. you maybe even
have a paper shredder. there are floppy and compact discs. light is streaming in
from your blinds. there is an orange evening blade runner hue in the room.

while you're at home you receive a score deduction notice. the text message says
that everyone without a high income job is under suspicion of divergence. your
score was already low for unexplained reasons. this is it. you are going to get
arrested by the authority.

your escape is daring. you have to leave via the window in the kitchen. you use
the fire escape, but there is a socialist cop blocking the lower fire escape.
you have to run through someone elses apartment, and escape into the hallway.
you find a staircase. you run it down several floors and then go through a
short dwindling section where you end up in a small backstreet.

a small cargo vehicle is blocking the backstreet corridor. you have to go through
a corner store, then use the backdoor into another even shadier backstreet and creep
your way past an ongoing altercation between socialist swat and a citizen. you walk
past a laundromat and enter a small pharmacy. <---

you use an employees only door into a hallway. the exit is locked, but a side door
is open leading into a staircase which leads into someones place. here you use
another fire escape and end up in a wide alley with dumpsters and more fire escapes.
there is some smoke coming from vents or manholes. there are many ac units here.
there are cars driving at the very end, but this is just scenery. a camera or
scanner of some sorts is blocking you from going that way.

this alley has a double door leading into a storage room. there is a poster of the
resisty here. when you walk past the high shelving and storage crates, you end up at
a parking lot. there are railings and across the street are brick warehouses and
signs. you can't go that way. you can cross the road at the end of the parking lot.

at the other side of the road there is a fence and a gate, leading under a bridge.
this is a pretty dark area. when you walk through here. game over?

<=====

the problem with this, is that it's quite an endeavor to model. we can go back
to the blade runner hued room with the floppy and compact discs. can we exploit
it for personal gain. what if you have to open the window for air. close
the blinds for privacy. cook some instant noodles and send a floppy via mail.

the hallway could be added and a backstreet with a corner store and pharmacy, so
you can get some prescription and dick around. this just turned into a hacking game
with doomer elements.

working title: you're a hack.